NAMESPACE        NAME                                      TYPE           CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP      PORT(S)                                                                      AGE
bookinfo         details                                   ClusterIP      10.245.230.10    <none>           9080/TCP                                                                     59s
bookinfo         productpage                               ClusterIP      10.245.0.152     <none>           9080/TCP                                                                     57s
bookinfo         ratings                                   ClusterIP      10.245.130.37    <none>           9080/TCP                                                                     58s
bookinfo         reviews                                   ClusterIP      10.245.238.230   <none>           9080/TCP                                                                     58s
default          kubernetes                                ClusterIP      10.245.0.1       <none>           443/TCP                                                                      2d4h
default          nwapp-svc                                 LoadBalancer   10.245.23.155    188.166.207.34   80:31318/TCP                                                                 27h
default          nwdb-svc                                  ClusterIP      10.245.220.5     <none>           3306/TCP                                                                     27h
fortune-ns       fortune-svc                               ClusterIP      10.245.205.99    <none>           3000/TCP                                                                     24h
istio-system     istio-egressgateway                       ClusterIP      10.245.127.51    <none>           80/TCP,443/TCP,15443/TCP                                                     25m
istio-system     istio-ingressgateway                      LoadBalancer   10.245.90.212    167.172.5.156    15021:32305/TCP,80:31950/TCP,443:30941/TCP,31400:31332/TCP,15443:32165/TCP   25m
istio-system     istiod                                    ClusterIP      10.245.93.18     <none>           15010/TCP,15012/TCP,443/TCP,15014/TCP,853/TCP                                25m
kube-system      kube-dns                                  ClusterIP      10.245.0.10      <none>           53/UDP,53/TCP,9153/TCP                                                       2d4h
kube-system      metrics-server                            ClusterIP      10.245.77.50     <none>           443/TCP                                                                      22h
mysql-operator   mysql-operator                            ClusterIP      10.245.235.255   <none>           80/TCP                                                                       3h12m
mysql-operator   mysql-operator-0-svc                      ClusterIP      10.245.48.35     <none>           80/TCP,10008/TCP                                                             3h12m
nginx-ingress    myingress-nginx-ingress-controller        LoadBalancer   10.245.34.206    167.172.6.110    80:30921/TCP,443:30005/TCP                                                   25h
nginx-ingress    myingress-nginx-ingress-default-backend   ClusterIP      10.245.180.112   <none>           80/TCP                                                                       25h
nw               mysql                                     ClusterIP      None             <none>           3306/TCP,9125/TCP                                                            118m
nw               nwapp-svc                                 ClusterIP      10.245.235.143   <none>           3000/TCP                                                                     44h
nw               nwappv2-svc                               ClusterIP      10.245.241.69    <none>           3000/TCP                                                                     22h
nw               nwdb-cluster-mysql                        ClusterIP      10.245.49.169    <none>           3306/TCP                                                                     118m
nw               nwdb-cluster-mysql-master                 ClusterIP      10.245.111.79    <none>           3306/TCP,8080/TCP                                                            118m
nw               nwdb-cluster-mysql-replicas               ClusterIP      10.245.60.77     <none>           3306/TCP,8080/TCP                                                            118m
nw               nwdb-svc                                  ClusterIP      10.245.7.140     <none>           3306/TCP                                                                     26h
